[Music]
Very good my dearest lovers of the
heart how are you enjoying your
Friday I hope so well this
time we're going to comment on how Pipi
Estrada and Carmen Borrego have been pulling each other's
hair and it's going to be said literally
but as I said literally people are
going to take it literally not
physically let's see metaphorically which is a
way of speaking well from Salvame
we expect anything and you
're already imagining the images not of
Carmen Borrego and Pipi Estrada without the
two of them grabbing each other's hair like they
were two warriors in the mud no no
no calm down at the moment we haven't
gotten to that at the moment and the
sparks keep flying before
commenting on the play I want to ask
you please to subscribe to the channel and if you
like the video give it a like it turns out
that Pipi Estrada who lately has been
working on Salvame has
lowered her pants and in order not to appear
in the looks operation it seems that
some kind of agreement will have been reached with these
people and in exchange  he works there but what's
happening is that while he's
working there his salary is being
seized to pay Terelu Pipi
Estrada in a trial for the right to honor and
privacy he was sentenced to pay
Terelu 60 thousand euros plus costs
approximately 75 thousand euros a fortune
what this man had to say in that
report he did in the magazine
Interviú to be sentenced to that
nonsense because it really is nonsense I mean I
think he had to say the
biggest thing and that they also had to
pay him the biggest thing to be
sentenced to that nonsense which by the way he
hasn't paid as the off-camera has said
because it didn't come out of his
games and sorry for the pressure but in
the same expression that the off-
camera has said he has earned a lot of money and he
could have paid it and yet he hasn't
done it now with what he has
seized from his salary he has paid
about 25-30 thousand euros plus the little bit that he has
paid
20 all let's see I would love to see
that sentence I don't know if it's around
somewhere and we can read it because
you go and know what I'm saying in the first
instance they sentenced her to 10,000 but
then they both appealed and they sentenced her
to 60,000 more things also I tell you that
at that time
terelu was more reserved it seems
that she spoke less about her life she was
less lent to this type of programs
surely today after the
profession that terelu has as a
television collaborator she has done
interviews she has sold her private life
in a lot of programs and on a lot of front
pages well surely justice does
not read would not protect her in the same way it
is true that we all
have the right to honor and the right to
privacy but when you are a
character in these shows
obviously it is not the same as if you
sue someone who does not lend themselves to
these scandals at that time
terelu was more reserved and then at
the time of getting the conviction well it
was because of the programs
collaborate sálvame interviews front pages
interviú I
tell you equally I think that pipí
no longer only had to intervene to invade
terelu's privacy in this  way no
because that
is a huge sentence meaning he had to
violate privacy but
well in a way that is tremendous is that I do
not know what he would say in that
interview because I was trying to find it
and it is irretrievable if someone finds
that sentence please send it to me
because I want to take a look I want to
see what this man is saying and
above all what they base that
huge amount of money on because here what makes me
think is that at some point he
presented the contracts with Interviú or
whatever and they had to pay him a
fortune because if not that sentence and at
the time I don't know I'll tell you or rather because
in the end he was telling her something that was
part of his life his private life a
public figure the other also a
celebrity of the heart
had to have said some
tremendous nonsense no and well the subject comes up a lot
and Carmen Borrego explodes
explodes because she says look don't talk about any more
nonsense don't play the victim because
you deserve that sentence I really do
n't know what to say here okay it seems to me a
sentence
is very very very big it seems super big on
top of that she  they condemn him to
costs, I see it too much, I don't know if he was
unlucky with the game he was dealt
because he said something stupid or said something
that violated Terelu's privacy,
tremendous but what is clear is that
if the judges rule that we must
respect it, we can
respect justice, we must always respect it
and we cannot take it when it suits us when it does
n't, no, he keeps saying that he sees it as
unfair, that he sees it as exaggerated and above all
because after that sentence it is
true that Terelu has sold her
privacy and has only interviewed and spoken
about her sexual life, I mean when you are
a person who talks about your sexual life
then it seems that you do not have the same
right to privacy, you understand me, you
have the right to make public the
part of your life that you
want but no, the sentence is not going to be the
same, you do not understand
but well tell me what you think
of this eternal conflict that seems to be
coming to an end because
if it has already been paid off in these months 25
thousand, surely by the end of the year
that debt will have already ended  settling what
I think is time you will be
reading family a huge hug and until
the next video
[Music]